---
head:
  meta:
    - name: "og:image"
      content: "/social-preview.jpg"
    - name: "twitter:image"
      content: "/social-preview.jpg"
---

::section-item
---
title: About me
number: 1
size: w-full
---
::about
I'm a **developer** and **art director** based in Nice (France). I'm passionate about coding, design, and everything in between.

With over **7 years** of experience in the web industry, I have been working on a wide range of projects, from small websites to complex web applications.
Today I realized that **I'm tired of the actual web**, complex website, no real meaning, no real purpose, no real value. So now, I want to **make a change**, I want to make the web **more simple**, **more meaningful**, more valuable.
_Create things because they have to be created, not because they can be created_.

So I recently start my **OSS (Open-Source) journey** turning all my projects public. Open-source never was something I was interested in, but now I see the value of it, the value of **sharing**, the value of **helping others**, the value of **making the web a better place**.

Through open-source, I aim to contribute to the community that has **given me so much**. I believe in a future where software is **transparent** and **collaborative**, and where everyone can benefit from technology, regardless of their background. My commitment to open-source allows me to collaborate with developers worldwide, foster innovation, and create tools that truly matter.
Let's build a web that's not just functional, but inspirational— a web that serves people and solves real problems.

::
::
